# CSC 317 Assignment 2 Submission

**Name:** Trinity Godwin  
**Student ID:** 918448783
**GitHub Username:** CommNs  
**Assignment Number:** 2  


##  HTML Personal Portfolio Website Assignment

### Description:
The assignment was primarily to build a very basic html skeleton website acting as our a personal portfolio. Relatively straight forward but requiring getting to know many differnt html tags and what they do. 

## Approach / What I Did:
I don't think there's much to say I largely followed the examples given in the order they were given filling in details as specification required. I chose to leave out any real personal details as I don't really like putting that out there so I hope you'll forgive me for the ascii cat in my projects folder. I obviously could have thrown in real images or links but instead I put in the effort to make sure the cat rendered correctly which I think should earn me the points! The about me text was also generated by Gemini 2.0 Flash because I never know what to write for that stuff and then just personalized to me. 

## Code Explanation:
This part of my code acts as the navigation. It's relatively rudementary but works by linking to the various section tags and their ids. The page isn't really long enough but when clicked this will cause the viewport to jump to the related link. 

```html
  <h2>Navigation</h2>
  <nav>
    <ul>
      <li><a href="#about">About</a></li>
      <li><a href="#projects">Projects</a></li>
      <li><a href="#education">Education</a></li>
      <li><a href="#achievments">Achievments</a></li>
      <li><a href="#experience">Experience</a></li>
      <li><a href="#contacts">Contacts</a></li>
    </ul>
  </nav>